welcome back to recap in minutes in today's
video we will be going through a 2016 horror
thriller movie titled the belko experiments
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
at the beginning of the movie in bogota colombia
mike is on his way to work while driving down a
crowded street while on a phone call he noticed a
masked kid staring at him suddenly gets startled
by a man in town who offers him a figure made
from an old corn cob mike arrives at his job
belko industries berry who is the chief operating
officer pulls up to find armed guards at the
entrance asking the cid and also finds a guard
turning away the local colombian staff at the gate
as he enters the building other belco employees
who have been working there for over a year begins
to start the work for the day then it's shown
several camera is used to monitor every worker
from the building mike goes to his girlfriend
leandra who is in the process of getting divorced
and present her the old corn cob figure he bought
earlier leandra is constantly harassed by wendell
who doesn't get she's not interested and both
start to make out until barry interrupt there is
new employee danny who is told that the employees
all have trackers placed in their heads for the
higher-ups to keep an eye on them due to the
high number of kidnappings that occur in colombia
dany becomes acquainted with roberto and leota
mike goes to his office and gets suspicious of
the activity of the armed guards he calls evans
belko's head security guard who also does not know
who the new security guards are not too long
after all employees are in a mysterious voice
speaks over the intercom telling the employees
that within eight hours most of them will be dead
in 30 minutes they are required to
kill two people or else more will die
at first most of the employees think it's
just a prank but few are frightened the
building is then completely sealed off
by metal on all the doors and windows
everybody becomes nervous and tense
while barry tries to keep everyone calm
people play it off as a sick prank maintenance
workers bud and lonny try to melt the metal off
with the blowtorch but the metal is apparently
too strong for it to have any sort of effect
danny roberto leota and tech guy keith go the roof
to find cafeteria worker marty smoking a joint up
there with two of his friends they discuss the
situation to them but they seem unbothered lita
finds one of the guards and they shout for help
but the guard looks away while marty tries to calm
other group down one of marty's friends dies when
the back of her head explodes the others freak
out while in the lobby three more people die with
their skulls getting blown out one after the other
the other employees panic thinking someone is
shooting at them upon further inspection by barry
the employees learn that the trackers in their
heads presume for security are set to explode
mike goes into the bathroom to try and cut his
out only for the voice to speak and order him
to stop trying to take it out or they will
detonate it on their own mike stops at the
last second as leandra begs him to stop the
voice then states that they are not messing
around and now it is demanded that the employees
kill 30 among them within 2 hours or 60 will be
killed mike is getting his wounded head fix up
meanwhile barry however is set to make it home
to his wife and kids so he tries to get security
guard evans to give him the keys to the armory
evans refuses to do so after he just witnessed
one of his fellow guards and friend get killed by
the explosive the employees start to weigh their
options as some of them cannot bring themselves
to killing anyone else barry somehow tries to
persuade the others to consider the situation
but other disagree considering the option is
inhuman causing most employees to split away from
barry to find other option in the basement lonny
is freaking out as bud tries to calm him down
bud gets too close and lonny reacts by
hitting bud in the head with a wrench
leaving a huge dent in bud's head as he dies
dany who was hiding witnesses the whole thing
lonny tries to stop her from
telling anyone and he grabs her
dany kicks herself back and causes
lonny to back his head into a metal bar
killing him barry wendell and terry work together
to try and break into the armory with a blow torch
Evans tries to stop them by pulling out his
gun but he relents and must let them continue
mike takes evan's gun and shoots the blowtorch
tank before he leaves with leandra and evans the
three meet up with keith leota and roberto to make
signs to hang over the building to call for help
the guards in the hangar spot them and start
shooting at them hitting keith in his hand the
voice demands them to stop hanging up signs or
their explosives will go off mike and his friends
start to head back downstairs but mike gets
knocked in the head with a fire extinguisher
by barry in the heat of the moment wendell
stabs evans and takes his keys evan suffers
as he bleeds out barry and his guys get the guns
out and start ordering people to head into the
lobby as they get down to less than 20 minutes
before their deadline mike is also brought in
after he regained his consciousness they begin to
group people first group are people with children
under the age of 18 and the next is a group of
people above 60 years of age berry realizes the
numbers of people above 60 years are not enough
he randomly picks other employees including mike
a woman among the selected insult to selection
barry and wendell start executing people and
terry nearly gets to mike until dany cuts off the
power in the basement barry window and some other
goons start shooting in the dark while others
make it out safely barry and window hunt down
the fleeing employees as the voice speaks over the
intercom saying only 29 have been killed remaining
two minutes before the time limit run out
shortly the voice states 31 more people will die
and people head starts to blow off including terry
leota peggy and keith leaving only 16 survivors
the voice speaks again and says the third round
of their game will have the employees with the
most kills walk out free so far barry and wendell
have the most kills so they go off to try not that
count by killing everyone they come across one
woman tries to offer her body to barry for her
life he responds by twisting her neck backwards
also barry finds dany and roberto in the elevator
shaft as dany and roberto try to make their way
up on top dany gets off the top but roberto gets
crushed by the elevator leaving barry stuck
daney climbs to the other side to get out
leandra finds marty and his friend chet in the
cafeteria where numerous bodies are laid out
marty and chet dug the bombs out of the heads
of those who didn't get their skulls blown out
intending to use it as a bomb to blow the iron
door leandra decides to look for mike along with
the two wendell shows up and leandra shoots at him
but unfortunately in his hand then wendell starts
shooting leandra hides behind a table with marty
and chet but those two get shot dead by wendell
leandra makes her way over to wendell and starts
swinging an axe down into his face mike and
leandra find each other and evade one employee who
is flinging molotov cocktails barry finds his way
out of the elevator wheeling his gun and shoots
dany in the head as she comes out of the elevator
the molotov guy gets shot too unfortunately so
does leandra she dies next to mike before he steps
out in a rage and goes after barry the two fight
until mike grabs hold of a take dispenser and
starts bashing barry's head in mike is then the
sole survivor the guards come in and pull him out
mike is brought into the hangar where he meets
the voice himself a man whose face is partially
scarred he tells mike that the experiment was to
observe human behavior in this type of experiment
mike then reveals that he took the bombs that
marty dug out and slipped them onto the guards and
the voice he runs to the control panel and sets
them off then grabs a gun to shoot two other goons
the voice tries to talk mike out of it but
he has none of it and shoots the voice dead
mike walks out of the building the camera
pans out to reveal other screens from
dozens of other balko companies where other
survivors have completed their own ordeal
another voice then commences phase two
thanks for watching please don't forget
to subscribe and turn on the notification bell
to get noticed when a new video is uploaded